Durable on ACA quickstart (#54)
Azure/azure-functions-on-container-apps: samples/DurableFunctions/README.md

# Create your first C# Durable Functions on Azure Container Apps

[Durable Functions](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/durable/durable-functions-overview) is an offering of Azure Functions that lets you write stateful functions in a serverless environment. The extension manages state, checkpoints, and restarts for you.

> This quickstart will show you how to create a Durable Function that runs on Azure Container Apps.

Reviewer: nit - now that the project has been pushed, should we update the README to say that these instructions yield the sample in `LocalFunctionProj`

> This quickstart will show you how to create a Durable Function that runs on Azure Container Apps, yielding the same app as the one in the *LocalFunctionProj* directory. 

Reviewer: ultra nit: a "Durable Function" is sometimes overloaded to mean "an orchestrator", so I prefer to say "DF app", or "orchestrators" explicitly.

```suggestion
This quickstart will show you how to create a Durable Function app that runs on Azure Container Apps, yielding the same app as the one in the *LocalFunctionProj* directory. 
```

> > Note: Only the [MSSQL storage provider](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/durable/durable-functions-storage-providers#mssql) is currently supported for running Durable Functions in Azure Container Apps. 

Reviewer: Isn't there another 'gotcha' related to auto-scaling?

You'll also need a publicly accessible SQL Server instance. Follow [instructions](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-sql/database/single-database-create-quickstart?view=azuresql&tabs=azure-portal#create-a-single-database) to create an Azure SQL Database in "MyResourceGroup"

### Update Dockerfile with connection string information
Update the following environment variables:

```
ENV AzureWebJobsStorage="<<connection string>>"
ENV SQLDB_Connection="<<connection string>>"
```

Obtain your Azure SQL database's connection string by navigating to the database's blade in the Azure portal. Then, under **Settings**, select **Connection strings** and obtain the ADO.NET connection string. Make sure to provide your password in the template provided.

Below is an example of the portal view for obtaining the Azure SQL connection string:

![An Azure connection string as found in the portal](./media/sql_connection_string_portal.png)

> Get your Azure Storage account's connection string by nativating to the storage account in the Azure portal. Then, under **Security + networking**, select **Acess keys**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get your Azure Storage account's connection string by navigating to the storage account in the Azure portal. Then, under **Security + networking**, select **Access keys**. 
```

By this point, you should see the following resources created in "MyResourceGroup" on the Azure portal:
 - Storage account
 - SQL database
 - Container app environment 
 - Functions app
 - Application Insights 

5\. Set required app settings

Get you Azure Storage and Azure SQL connection strings. Then go to your function app on portal, expand **Settings**, then click **Environment variables**. Add `SQLDB_Connection` app settings and set its value to the SQL connection strings, then click Apply. The `AzureWebJobsStorage` setting should already be there - check that it's set to your storage account's connection string. Click Apply again and confirm to update the settings. 

6\. Start your Durable Functions orchestration

Go to the URL associated with the HTTP trigger to start the orchestration. To do that, find the URL of your app on Azure Portal (look on the top right of the **Essentials** section in the **Overview** tab), it should look something like the following:

```
https://<< your app name >>.northeurope.azurecontainerapps.io
```

Add the following to the end of the URL:

```
/api/{your http trigger name}
```

> In the sample code above, the name is `DurableFunctionsOrchestrationCSharp_HttpStart`. 

Reviewer: nit: I'd also include the explicit URL generated by this app, so `/api/DurableFunctionsOrchestrationCSharp_HttpStart`. That'll make copy-pasting to the browser easier
